April 29, 2025 Release Notes (#9566)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_help/release_notes.md

> For more information on any of the updates listed in this section, reach out to your account manager or [open a support ticket]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/administrative/access_braze/support/). You can also check out [our SDK Changelogs]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/changelogs) to see more information on our monthly SDK releases, updates, and improvements.
 
## April 29, 2025 release

### Troubleshooting Braze access

[Troubleshooting Braze Access]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/administrative/access_braze/troubleshooting/) helps you navigate issues you may have when trying to access Braze, such as getting locked out of your account or working with a Braze dashboard that won’t perform as expected.

### Data flexibility

#### Currents frequently asked questions

You can find answers to some frequently asked questions about Currents on the new [Frequently asked questions]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/data/braze_currents/faq/) page.

#### Anonymous users

> The “How it works” and “Assigning user aliases” sections in [Anonymous users]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/data/user_data_collection/user_profile_lifecycle/anonymous_users/) have new details about how anonymous users work and why you might want to assign them user aliases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the following sections in [Anonymous users]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/data/user_data_collection/user_profile_lifecycle/anonymous_users/) for new details about how anonymous users work and why you might want to assign them user aliases:
- [How it works]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/data/user_data_collection/user_profile_lifecycle/anonymous_users/#how-it-works) 
- [Assigning user aliases]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/data/user_data_collection/user_profile_lifecycle/anonymous_users/#assigning-user-aliases)
```
An idea, feel free to disregard!

**The older version of the integration will be deprecated on August 28, 2025. You must update to the newer version of the integration before August 28, 2025.**

New Braze customers: Starting April 2025, Braze will be gradually rolling out the new Shopify connector for new onboardings and upgrading existing customers. To learn more about the new standard integration, refer to [Shopify standard integration]({{site.baseurl}}/shopify_standard_integration/).

#### Just Words - Dynamic Content

[Just Words]({{site.baseurl}}/partners/just_words/) hyper-personalizes messaging at scale on lifecycle marketing channels, empowering you to dynamically test hundreds of variations and auto-refresh underperforming content.

#### Tapcart - eCommerce

[Tapcart]({{site.baseurl}}/partners/ecommerce/tapcart/) is a leading mobile commerce platform for Shopify-powered brands, enabling merchants to create custom mobile apps that deliver personalized, engaging shopping experiences their customers love.

### SDKs

#### Braze SDK version management

> You can now [learn about version management]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/sdk_integration/version_management/) for the Braze SDK, so your app can stay up-to-date with the latest features and quality improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now learn about [version management]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/sdk_integration/version_management/) for the Braze SDK, so your app can stay up-to-date with the latest features and quality improvements.
```

#### SDK docs audit

We're currently auditing all our [SDK content for developers]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/) to ensure all of our code samples are helpful and accurate. So far, we've made a variety of updates to our Android and Swift docs, and more are on the way.

### Contributing to Braze Docs

#### Offline support for Braze contributors

If you’re a Braze Docs contributor, you can now generate your local docs site completely offline. To get started, see [Contributing to Braze Docs]({{site.baseurl}}/contributing/home/).

#### Troubleshooting your Braze Docs fork

> For Braze Docs contributors having trouble targetting the our repository from their fork, we've [created troubleshooting steps]({{site.baseurl}}/contributing/troubleshooting/#missing-base-repository) to help get you back on track.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Braze Docs contributors having trouble targeting our repository from their fork, we've created [troubleshooting steps]({{site.baseurl}}/contributing/troubleshooting/#missing-base-repository) to help get you back on track.
```
